so what dear listeners
hello hello france th
hello everyone with you as they burned
radio direct fire I'm
on the scene avdeev will
fight two teams this team is home and
have the right
Medea Barbara and
date on the euro and this is our command
listeners and note
permanent will be held republican
let's see how they pass themselves in
a lot of duel
well then i'm ready to read in the meantime
teams and so
the percentage of our composition more precisely the composition
teams this is his camp 13 9 crystal he
scored morgue back off medistar antibodies
hiring processes air show by us a101
slides Asia
Kiev 25 countries
so on highway and
factories
produced rate turned out to be
fiction test by ashot and by her login
al Qaeda spend the brush 333 on Thursday
directions 11 kinds of 25 maxims heat up hierro
Russian speaker
word once
yes dear friends here may
we continue the center we wait when all these
requests for maps
accruing will happen at all
dinner soon
yes even if the internet when
undercut either the players opinion
the process is what we see one we possess
on the battlefield on the map of prokhorov kant i wish
good luck to everyone i think u have the most
strongest team
what do we have video
in England says that
team being built
decided to go to kindergarten and there to an agreement
square automaton a in order n
ready
photo is accompanied by one
of the possibilities of the vertical 1 2 3 4
so that's what the letters are about
we see as a sample of kamas thai
let the rest of the beavers
on the leopard so that they classify
technique
striped sleep and artillery will and
little by little
so to beat the Russian Federation
divided teams tons
what we see in the 100 mn artillery team
who is not already
stupid immediately understood what needs to be changed
percent the directory will change and
contact location by position
what is that what is that kind of calm
nobody do it anywhere dialogue
everyone waited only by 2 2
but by the way in the process became a miss
Russians let's say so full is worth
the team then he is present him only
in 10 players and in the team steel and
the factories are intact
14 players
so everything is very good network and and
characteristics will go
n machine
After an hour
tanks
do you see tanks
rub initiation place in counterattacks
we just do not see yet a team of tons
hid let go she took the money back
Kamaz this Putin can pass Dakai
tactics will lead
in victory
this command
that i still see nothing
Pavlyuk my killer room appliances
pointing all sorts of starcraft ii can
damage the lira to imperfection
of course
in the protocol really become
time don't want to attack for him
but i can say so guys if you don't
start attacking all concrete
on past elections that we can so cues
in 7 days
Yes, and with actions or inaction less
her
Well, then of course they will fight with
system bing but all according to the regulations about how the goal
registered so what is no one at all
favors
I think team court
Moscow even went on the offensive
or will you still be in lithuania
even
observe what is happening
I think maybe I changed 30 n
your food
nothing at all
at all
nobody rides
there probably just in the forest
now consists of a grill check
there is a fire there with the help of a health resort
and fry the author of the rest
affected by the recession and they per year
we saw a leopard saw his visit to
bakiyev region real sun although here are these sheets and
force out even the poorest but also get out
the book of zohar as for ideology
died
due
so here also notice ooo nooif
m 46 no facts
Yes, so I get a little hooked
teams this is my mistake young departure
at the very same injections people gathered all
team
I hope I know
phenomenon play a cruel joke
what are the actions of the guards
invasion 2
but nevertheless already a mosquito the rest who
the fact that this expertise is not sick
we have to double our money
and here we see only money as well
tomato defense data begins
move the enemy in base
One thing I do not understand is why the artillery of the team
quite the garden
fire destroyed peak yes
often coat the coat
herself for the white tiger
okay
promoter anointed the second time
range of flight
as the building so on list on its
portal discontent 5
paris woody allen much his health
probably there is a combination of efforts
for us
per day
will be fatal
but nevertheless, oopt as if they are 64 percent
abaya here she disappears from the field
Vision so sho you are distorted by social networks
isolator became a song distorts November
what was going on
the team brags 4 there as it is already
I have overcome one such
and in the team
the rest of the factory
still
n so much tango here everything cant
read that is how would
starve now
mentor still there on both sides yes
what i can say i can say that
brought Minsk interesting detail
his
let's say so simple from profit
in each of the teams
and indeed we see we see as
the beavers country team dad she wants
Prague artillery everything remains two
artillery and the team is smart
new entry rejected olive steel
beavers over asia system still ordinary
tanks
percentage so all the actors are all
both are finished so I congratulate
team rest vavra professed